You can save money by spending it.
Nobody goes to that restaurant because it is too crowded.
Taxation is legalized robbery.
Drink a sugar-free sweet tea.
Success has ruined many a man.
Hatreds are the cinders of affection.
What a poor little rich girl!
The truest poetry is the most feigning.
There's no one more depressed than a happily married man.
When I'm low, I get high.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
The child is father of the man.
There are plenty of vacancies, but they're all filled.
He's such a living dead.
We are never prepared for what we expect.
Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.
Too much is never enough.
Be cruel to be kind.
There's a pattern of unpredictability.
We will see, said the blind man, to his deaf wife.
The sweetest joy, the wildest woe is love.
Man is condemned to be free.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
The best defense is a good offense.
Money is a good servant, but a bad master.
Drowning in the fountain of eternal life.
It was an unspoken language.
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.
Often, the surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the strict truth.
Health food makes me sick.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
It is easier to forgive an Enemy than to forgive a Friend.
An authentic phony.
Those whom we can love, we can hate, to others we are indifferent.
Even his ignorance is encyclopedic.
I want to die young at a ripe old age.
People have one thing in common: they are all different.
Let your children go if you want to keep them.
This is unbiased judgement.
No question is so difficult to answer as that to which the answer is obvious.
The ladies who try to keep their beauty are the ladies who lose it.
A permanent state of transition is man's most noble condition.
Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
I'm an atheist and I thank God for it.
Abnormality of the normal numbers.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Melancholy is the pleasure of being sad.
No hero is immortal until he dies. 
Expect the unexpected.
I believe in the discipline of silence and could talk for hours about it.
There is a society in the deepest solitude.
Our strength is often composed of the weaknesses we're damned if we're going to show.
Life begins when a person first realizes how soon it ends.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
Less is more.
If Acting is happy agony.
you aren't confused by quantum physics, then you haven't really understood it.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
Imaginary numbers are as real as real numbers.
A nation is only at peace when it's at war.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's own ignorance.
I am deeply superficial.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco.
To lead the people, walk behind them.
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
Everybody hates me because I'm so universally liked.
