A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A picture's worth a thousand words.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
A watched pot never boils.
A wise head makes a closed mouth.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Actions speak louder than words.
All roads lead to Rome.
Always get a second opinion.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Any man who hates children and dogs can't be all bad. 
April showers bring May flowers.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Art and Science are two sides of the same coin. 
As the teeth go, so goes the body. 
Be thankful for what you've got.
Beauty and brains don't mix.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't know.
Better to be healthy than wealthy.
Big brother is watching. 
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood's thicker than water.
Boys will be boys.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
Cats always land on their feet.
Change is good for the soul.
Character is what a man is in the dark.
Charity begins at home.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Christmas comes but once a year.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Clothes make the man.
Comedy is not pretty.
Confession is good for the soul.
Count your blessings.
Cross that bridge when you come to it.
Dead men tell no tales.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't make promises you can't keep.
Don't start something you can't finish.
Dreams die hard.
Drowning men catch at straws.
Dumb breeds dumb.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal. 
Easy come, easy go.
England and America are two countries separated by the same language. 
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every dog has his day.
Every little bit helps.
Every man has his price.
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings. 
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money. 
Everybody talks about the weather, but no one does anything about it.
Everybody's got a racket.
Everyone loves a clown.
Everything is funny as long as it's happening to somebody else. 
Evil takes many forms.
Exemptions are the rule.
Experience is the best teacher.
Failure is no crime, too low an aim is.
Faint heart never won fair maiden.
Fair is fair.
Fake it 'til you make it.
Fame is fleeting.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fashions may come and fashions may go, but good manners never go out of style.
Fate is the hunter.
Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
First come, first served.
First impressions are the strongest.
Follow the money.
Follow the yellow brick road
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. 
Force begets force.
Force without judgement falls of it's own weight.
Forgive your enemies but don't forget their names.
Form follows function.
Fortune favors the brave.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk. 
Gas, grass or ass, nobody rides for free.
Get the lead out.
Get thee behind me Satan.
Getting there is half the fun.
Give a little, get a little.
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give the devil his due.
Go where the money is.
God heals, and the doctor takes the fee. 
God is on the side of those with the heaviest artillery.
God watches over BABIES and DRUNKS.
Good enough for government work.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things, when short, are twice as good. 
Happiness walks on busy feet.
Hard work never hurt nobody.
Haste makes waste.
He is armed without who is innocent within. 
He who hesitates is lost.
He who hesitates is probably right.
He who is to be a good ruler, must first have been ruled. 
He who laughs last, laughs best.
He who smelt it, dealt it. 
Hearts are not judged by how much we love, but by how much we are loved by others. 
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Here today, gone tomorrow.
History repeats itself.
Honesty is the best policy.
Hope is the parent of faith.
Hope springs eternal.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How the mighty have fallen.
I came, I saw, I conquered. 
